--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
author: Thurloat
date: 2007-08-24 23:32:30
layout: post
slug: hosting-stuff
status: publish
title: Hosting & Stuff
categories:
    - AT1PC.com
    - Personal
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

whee!!! AT1PC is now host to: http://at1pc.com http://thesunshineinn.net
http://blindcombatants.net http://c\*\*\*\*\*\*\*e.com (secret oops...)
got the list of clients starting to rack up... and its looking good.
I've also been doing a lot of Photoshop work lately, so I've decided to
take a little Photoshop course to further my skills. I still have to
create a Logo for 2 businesses and sorry to Mr. Wickerman but i still
haven't found the time to finish the Marquee. I'm also in the midst of
selling AT1's 2nd custom PC, and it's pretty damn quick. Not to mention
cool. the case has a giant 120mm exhaust fan on the back and it's pretty
silent. The only thing that worries me about that is with all the
exhaust it will create negative air pressure and attract el'dusto. Not
to be worried though, as I've compiled a list of small things that
should be done as regular maintenance to help prolong the life of the
computer if they don't want me to service it for them anymore. On a much
Sweeter Note than negative air pressure causing the downfall of all
computer-kind, one of my favorite guys showed up at the door today...
and that would be The UPS Guy; Carrying in hand my sexyful EVGA nForce
680i SE SLI motherboard and a crap load of ... i am so happy, it's not
even funny. [![Motherboard and
Ram](http://blog.at1pc.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/08/srvat1pc.thumbnail.jpg)](http://blog.at1pc.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/08/srvat1pc.jpg "Motherboard and Ram")
I've already come up with a name for my new beast. \\\\srvat1pc. in
memoriam of lost \\\\srvmoncton01 :(... The rest of the parts are still
on order, some of which include an Intel Q6600 Quad Core processor, a
massive amount of storage (2TB) and a few other surprises i don't even
know about yet. Well, i best be getting back to working on one of those
Logos. I should update this more often, it's a nice way to keep track of
what i'm doing... I seem to forget a lot of crap these days.
