--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
author: Thurloat
date: 2009-07-13 20:57:22
layout: post
slug: goals-in-review
status: publish
title: Goals In Review
wordpress_id: '64'
categories:
- painting
- Personal
- programming
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's about that time that I come out and see how my planned goals are
coming. I hate making excuses for not doing things, and it hurts me to
do so. So here's a long list of excuses. Whether anyone has heard or
not, my father passed away from complications with chemotherapy on July
3rd. Sparing all of the emotional outcry, it's thrown a wrench into my
plans, and put me out of commission for a week or two. I won't say that
I haven't made ANY progress, as a couple goals are in the double digit
completion range. Here's an overview of my status:

> #### Goal : Contribute something good to an Open Source project

Verdict : 0%. Sadly I haven't had any time to work on personal projects
/ scour github for fun code to do stuff with.

> #### Goal : Follow up with at least 1 of the micro-startup idea

Verdict : 15%. I've actually had a few minutes to think about this, so I
determined that any decision is a good one. So I started investigating
the isdanecookinthismovie.com idea. Haven't gone any further than doing
some proof of concept iMDB apps, but the ball IS rolling.

> #### Goal : Break the 100 Twitter Followers barrier (real 125)

Verdict : \~75%. At the time of writing, my twitter counter reads 119
followers. I'm quite surprised at this growth, as I've really been
slacking lately in good tweets / anything not involving my father or his
funeral. It's amazing how supportive even people I know only on twitter
can be. Thanks everyone, and I promise that I'll bring more fun and
geeky goodness again soon.

> #### Goal : Work on our Wedding & RSVP website

Verdict : 5%. Again, Sadly this has been put on the side recently with
all of this commotion going about. I've been thinking about it some and
I am aiming to begin having some fun programming this on Tuesday. At
LEAST 2 hours. Signed and Verified by me, even entered into my Google
Calendar.

> #### Goal : Finish 2 Paintings

Verdict : 0%. Just getting back on my feet this week, this one I seem to
be having the more difficulty justifying spending extra time on. I hate
putting it off, but this month is super crammed. I'm going to revise
this goal to be a more reasonable 1 painting. (either half of my huge
canvas painting, or a start to finish smaller one).

> #### Goal : Finish my Motherâ€™s Website

Verdict : 0%. Considering both my Mother and I have been disposed of for
the last week, I don't think that she'll be ready to work on this one in
the short term, so I don't expect to start on this one until at least
the end of the month.

> #### Goal : Lose 15 pounds

Verdict : 5%. This i could have worked on while i was in Parrsboro, but
i just couldn't find the energy. So I started last night again, with a
regime that is sure to help me out in this department. I haven't lost
any more than what could just be day-to-day weight fluctuation so it's
not even worth reporting on. (however my new jeans seem to just barely
now require a belt)

This is not the outcome I was hoping for, but I did make some effort in
a few of these goals. and I've revised a few of them to make them more
realistic in the time frame that I have left.

## FOCUS ADAM!
